DOCS-1291: Removing trailing operator console references, fixing broken refs (#1292)
minio/docs: source/operations/monitoring.rst

Metrics and Alerts
------------------

> MinIO publishes a metrics endpoint for scraping data on cluster status and operations.

Reviewer: Ohh yeah this could be better in light of v3. Maybe refer to "endpoints" here?  
```suggestion
MinIO publishes metrics endpoints for scraping data on cluster status and operations.
```
